Fix invalid images generation for some slugs with leading slash (#62)
delucis/astro-og-canvas: .changeset/lucky-seahorses-relax.md

---
'astro-og-canvas': patch
---

> Fix invalid images generation for some slugs with leading slash

Reviewer: Maybe worth mentioning the Astro version this was impacted in:

```suggestion
Fixes image generation for slugs with a leading slash in Astro ≥4.10.2
```
